EDU-3819: docs: tried to clarify the notes on failures (#3274)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/retry-policies.mdx

A Retry Policy works in cooperation with the timeouts to provide fine controls to optimize the execution experience.

A Retry Policy is a collection of attributes that instructs the Temporal Server how to retry a failure of a [Workflow Execution](/workflows#workflow-execution) or an [Activity Task Execution](/tasks#activity-task-execution).

> (Retry Policies do not apply to [Workflow Task Executions](/tasks#workflow-task-execution), which retry until the Workflow Execution Timeout, which is unlimited by default.)

Reviewer: ```
Retry Policies do not apply to [Workflow Task Executions](/tasks#workflow-task-execution), which retry until the Workflow Execution Timeout.
The Execution Timeout for Workflow Task Executions is unlimited by default.
```

Won't they apply if the default is changed? What happens then? Can we stick in a "normally", get rid of the parentheses, and break this down into a couple of sentences?

```suggestion
Retry Policies normally do not apply to [Workflow Task Executions](/tasks#workflow-task-execution) unless their Workflow Execution Timeout is changed.
Workflow Task Executions will retry until reaching their Workflow Execution Timeout.
The default value for this timeout is unlimited, so a Workflow Task Execution will normally retry forever.
```

I'm not sure if I got the semantics correct here, so please confirm.

Also, does this need a tech reviewer to confirm your changes?

Author: Workflow task executions are different from activities and workflow executions. I'm not sure precisely what their retry policy is, so I didn't change any of that in this sentence. I just added the part I was quite sure of, which is that they don't always retry forever -- they retry until the workflow execution timeout, which is by default forever
